There will be organizing beams.
Inside, these beams, in relation to the small wing here.
Beams here.
You see, these are very important lines of force.
But the moment you have primitive cephalic flexion,
you will have the sub-mesencephalic mesenchyme
which will compress between the anterior part of the cerebral vesicle
and the posterior cerebral vesicle.
That's at the beginning.
My tissue is like this.
And by the flexion movement,
I move forward.
The mesenchyme underneath,
it will undergo a compression field on its axis
It will lose water,
it will densify and it becomes
a cartilaginous tissue.
This is how the base of the skull is formed.
By the flexion movement.
With as an axis, always,
my notochord.
And on either side,
I have what is called at the very top the ethmoid, just below
the body of the sphenoid,
even further down the basilar part of the occipital bone,
and especially here what are called the wings of the sphenoid,
but also the point where the eye will rest.
It's the support of the eye, the sphenoid.
The sphenoid is very important for the stability of the eye.
The moment it grows, the mesenchyme...
which is above, the bony
capsule of the eye,
will develop through the development
of the brain, around the eye.
So the eye
becomes there, it follows
the movement, it is conformer
and conformed,
and the bone tissue
comes to engrave around, comes to close
with specific lines of force
that support the eye's support.
That means the eye can destabilize the skull
or the skull can destabilize the eye.
You see?
A small blow, a small fringe
can completely destabilize the orbit
and completely destabilize
the reflection, you see?
So it's really important to be able
to restabilize the eye, to understand it
both through the brain and through
the skull. This is your nose.
It's going to grow.
Boom! And there, we see the eye appear
on the side. And you see,
at the same time, I have the palate system
being formed. The moment I have
my eye being formed,
my palate is being put in place.
You see?
Really with the closure. The palatine,
here, which is placed. And when I have
completely my eye that has found its
axis in its verticality,
in its horizontality,
I have the palate formed.
So it's really the terminal point
terminal
very important on the bone level that is formed.
It's a first convergence
So we see here, you see, the growth, the importance of this growth.
And look at the cephalic part.
It is when this cephalic part will really begin to grow
that the eyes come closer to the median line.
Look closely, with a fulcrum that will be at the level of the nasion.
Now look at the white part.
I'm growing.
Now, I explode.
The eyes return to the median line.
Did you see?
We see this biodynamics again
or this morphogenesis of development.
This enormous growth
that comes through here.
which makes my eyes come to the center.
Cortical development guides the eye into its position.
You will have two spirals.
An eye spiral
and a bony counter-spiral.
You see that in the shape of the sutures.
If you look closely, you have to study the orientation of this suture.
And you see that this pre-maxilla is three-dimensional.
You see, it does this.
You see, it goes up, it goes down and it goes up again.
And it really creates a three-dimensionality.
And well, you see that it forms, this shape, orbital, ocular.